00:00:01 Alejandro Duque
Hey Alejandro. Hey Derek, how's it going?

00:00:03 Derek Lobo
Hello, hello, hello. Everything's going good. Good. I wish I could be in that meeting today, But we had something already pre booked, and there were so many other people to get together, give Give me your thoughts on everything.

00:00:13 Alejandro Duque
Yeah, so you know,

00:00:14 Derek Lobo
You know what I want to achieve right?

00:00:16 Alejandro Duque
So so I wanna I wanted to ask you again. Yeah, i think i have a pretty clear understanding and today was great because i saw noor kind of like walking, everyone and all of us through the. Pretty much the whole underwriting process that and how it works, which that's how I understood most of it. But it was just good to hear from him. I told him that we would need to follow up since there wasn't a lot of time at the end. But yeah, I mean now that you've seen this updated version, I would love to hear from you like, what do you think that most of the value could come from, because then I can tell, like, oh, like they tell me your vision. And then I.

00:00:54 Alejandro Duque
That way, I can then brainstorm until like okay, here is the next.

00:00:56 Derek Lobo
Yeah, yeah. No, no. Okay, okay, okay. So so so I've got a super clear vision. Okay? Um my well, let's start with most visions start with your frustration. Fair enough Exactly So yeah yeah My frustration is we do these twenty thousand dollar feasibility studies right And. Then the the the research people uh don't know, don't understand or don't care about the deal five years down the road Fair enough Yeah. Because so we built all three deals we did last year, all came because we'd done the feasibility study. Okay, So we really have nothing and you know what I mean by the full service apartment development process that kind of ribbon thing that we have. Right? Okay, so so we start on step number two. So so you know, we go out there, We talk blah, blah blah, and we bring them in the front door doing this feasibility study, right? And that's brought in by a guy named Dave Price, who does the discovery call.

00:01:53 Derek Lobo
Fair enough. Dave is just the guy that's very good at chatting, right? And then you know, so then he brings them in. But, once we get that study delivered and we do a good job delivering it really good, we deliver it in three phases. We update the client, you know what I mean? Yeah. What I want to do now is deliver to them an experience that's over the top. So, we've taken that simple one A, and we've reverse engineered it into this full fledged development performer Fair enough. And what that development pro forma shows us, it shows them is our true expertise. Fair enough. And most our best clients are pivoting developers, so they're condo guys, they're retail guys, they're house builders and they're pivoting to rentals. So they know how to swing a hammer, Alejandro, but they don't understand the lease up. So if you start your lease up in January, you can only assume five rentals per month. Then you know put it in on a bell curve. Fair enough? Yeah January to December. 

00:02:51 Derek Lobo
They understand that you know what you can put in your construction costs on an S curve. You can you got to put land in on day one, then you hire the rental agent a month eighteen, right? We can go down to that level of detail, and what that's going to show is encyclopedic knowledge. Yep, fairness. Yep. So as you so. So when we deliver that reverse one B for free and I get that, the numbers aren't right, but they're just approximations. They're just placeholders right? Yeah. But what Noor added to this was like we would just, you know, put in just one number for hard costs. Now we go and look at the city and say, "Oh, that's the development charge." I think in the US you call them impact fees. We can put in on the sale a one percent broker fee. Fair enough when we're calculating the IRR in year ten. Yep. Right? And that's our fee so we're building in our fee for the future.

00:03:41 Derek Lobo
So, The more we can break out that hard cost number into, like your architecture should be two percent of your cost or something like that, right? And, even although there are assumptions in our research, people either through being super cautious or not wanting to do, it said, "Well, we can't just do that." Well, they're all over that hump now, right? Yeah. Because they deal with specificity and exactness. And I am throwing all that out the window and saying we're just going to create it. Okay. Noor has found and that's my style. No one has found a happy middle ground. We're saying, "Yeah, you know what? Of course, You got to lean some stuff, right? But we've got the Alfa's cost guide, right? So we've got the cost guide for all the components of building a building. So, we're not going to be off by thirty forty percent. Yeah, Do. You see what I am saying in terms of our costs? We're certainly not going to be off thirty forty percent on our rents. That's what we do right? And that's why the guys paid us to do it. So, what I want to do is okay so that's my frustration."

00:04:37 Derek Lobo
Then I thought, you know what? We can get broker fees. We brought on this lady Joanna; she was on the call. Fair enough, she's an independent mortgage broker, so she's going to join our team in a sense without being an employee, right? It's a collaboration. And we're going to have her on the feasibility deliveries, right? And it's Joanna's job to figure out now what Joanna with Fran with Keenan and Dave. How do we transition the delivery of that report right to Joanna? So now that becomes her customer, okay? And then so go ahead.

00:05:20 Alejandro Duque
No, so my question is: for instance, for the report that Nora showed me today, There was a feasibility study done, and then that data came into this report exactly. There was no input from the developer and then because yeah, that was my understanding. Then you guys. The architecture that you've built is that you have the estimated cost from the market, and that's where Nor was showing us like between the market average, the low and high for different things. He went pretty deep on the underground parking lot and separating those costs because yeah, it gets very detailed. Okay. Yeah,

00:05:52 Derek Lobo
Yeah. And could you imagine a developer getting that as a bonus?

00:05:57 Alejandro Duque
Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

00:05:58 Derek Lobo
Like I want to surprise him. This is the over delivery. Yeah. 

00:06:03 Alejandro Duque
Fair enough, so got it. So, so in my mind, so they they come to you for a feasibility study. And then at what point will Joanna enter the picture? Is it during the one A at delivery? No,

00:06:16 Derek Lobo
No, no. Okay, well but I think that's what we have to determine internally. So Joanna is going to sit through the process of a feasibility study. Fair enough. So, she's going to go from from the discovery call to the first second and third check in, she'll do that, okay? Then she'll figure out her role here. Okay, okay. With the team, with the team. And I don't want this to be me. See my job is just to kind of bring in the experts, right? Like you and Noor, right? Now they've got to figure out how they want to use this. Okay, Joanna's motivation is going to be higher because she's a hundred percent contingency. Fair enough? Yep My staff are all paid good salaries,

00:06:56 Derek Lobo
Yeah, And then they get small bonuses. These kind of people can't work on contingency and won't make sense. Yeah.

00:07:03 Alejandro Duque
Got it. Yep,

00:07:04 Derek Lobo
Yep, yep. So I am also dealing with that, right? Got it. And so go ahead.

00:07:11 Alejandro Duque
So from the feasibility study to the report that Noor showed me was that manually inputted by Noor once he had the feasibility study?

00:07:22 Derek Lobo
Yes, Okay. So So, when we went from the one page pro forma, okay to the reverse one B, Noor manually inputted. Now, you could still do it in Excel, transfer it all over, right? No, no, no. I am sorry. I am sorry. He no no he's already set up set up those macros. Okay okay So, the one A goes into the reverse one B right But. Now your job with Noah is to think through how we AI this okay In Claude and Noah thinks that he said in his first attempt.

00:08:02 Derek Lobo
Or, fact that there were just too many moving pieces.

00:08:05 Alejandro Duque
Yeah. For Claude,

00:08:08 Derek Lobo
So maybe you've got to break it into steps.

00:08:11 Alejandro Duque
Got it. So one A being the feasibility study, So all the data comes into there, and then through a macro, it goes into one B.

00:08:19 Derek Lobo
I'll go on here; it'll be a lot quieter for you. Yeah, Hold on; I am going to go in a booth here cool Okay.

00:08:25 Alejandro Duque
Yeah So one A goes. So pretty much once you have the data for one A. Then automatically the reverse. No,

00:08:35 Derek Lobo
No, no, no. Say that again.

00:08:37 Alejandro Duque
So once you have the data for the feasibility study for one A, that's now automatically fed into the reverse one B.

00:08:47 Derek Lobo
But I think you've got to answer some questions like, is there underground parking yes or no? Yeah okay got it. Or what city is it in? You got to go pull the development charges right? So, there is some additional information that we make assumptions on. Make sense? Yep, we just make assumptions on it, right?

00:09:11 Alejandro Duque
Yeah, of course.

00:09:13 Derek Lobo
And, they're just rational assumptions that we don't need to go back to the developer. What, my thought is, is that we over deliver fair enough to what the client is expecting when I am going to tell them we're doing this. I want this to be. A positive experience because holy smoke, these guys really delivered.

00:09:34 Alejandro Duque
Yeah, of course. And then the AI component so is that optimizing the model? Is it showing the data better? Like what would I don't know.

00:09:43 Derek Lobo
No okay okay so here's my thought on it. It's a good question. I need your advice here I think So, I don't think I want to pull a summary report from it. Okay What I want to do is. Because the developers aren't used to that, they're used to most developers can read a spreadsheet. Fair enough. But how do we? It's a pretty complex spreadsheet; it's about twelve tabs, right? Yeah, or fifteen tabs. So, Most developers in my experience is get spreadsheets fair enough.

00:10:16 Andrew Banken
Yeah But.

00:10:16 Derek Lobo
What I wanted to understand is the encyclopedic knowledge we have in showing them all the details that they never think of.

00:10:27 Andrew Banken
Got it. Got it.

00:10:29 Derek Lobo
So the developer never thinks, he says," Oh," you know, he typically doesn't produce like a cash flow document. Fair enough. He just produces like a condo sale; I sell it for this, right? The devil is in, you know, so let's say, in a twenty four month development. In month one, you put the land cost in fair enough. Yeah, Assuming you close on that, then you put in the development charges and the building permit, which you pay up front, usually right, then you put in the construction costs. On either a straight line or an S curve, right? And, then you put in the landscaping costs in month twenty three and twenty four, right? Because it's all about cash flow too, right? It's a dynamic construction budget. Yep. Right. So do you get down to that level of detail? I don't know, you know, or do we just put landscaping costs in month one? I think we put it in month twenty five. Let's say the entire construction period is twenty four months for argument's sake.

00:11:25 Derek Lobo
It's logical to assume you're going to spend your landscaping cost in month number twenty to twenty four. Fair enough. Yep. I'm just pulling numbers out here, but we could make that a hard and fast rule, right? Yeah. So that we're taking into consideration time value money and the model allows you to do that, right? Yeah. So. So the question is, maybe it's almost just a drop down box in Excel, landscaping cost, In you know, at what you know, month one through twenty four, pick the month it goes in. Right? Yeah. Or maybe you average landscaping in the last four months. I think these are all just decisions that have to just get made, right? Right or wrong, but it doesn't make sense for landscaping costs in month one. Yeah yeah yeah yeah Fair enough. Yeah It doesn't make sense to hire the leasing agent in month one when you hired them in month eighteen and then the second agent in month, twenty four, right?

00:12:17 Alejandro Duque
Exactly. Yeah, because I think today he has kind of like base case. Best case, worst case, and then obviously all the variables.

00:12:25 Derek Lobo
No, no, no, but in that he's playing with rental levels, interest rates, and things like that. Right?

00:12:32 Derek Lobo
But I don't want to play with when you hire the leasing agent. But if you want, you can change it. Got it? Got it? Follow? Yeah.

00:12:41 Derek Lobo
So yeah You're a developer; you're the perfect guy to explain this to.

00:12:44 Alejandro Duque
Yeah, of course, yeah, which is our thing, which is hey, what happens if x but but he has to be live on fairly fast, he's like. I don't know, like what happens if what you said, like instead of month fifteen, like we're going to month I don't know fourteen. What happened if we switch the payment for the metal building from this date to that date? Stuff like that.

00:13:03 Derek Lobo
Right, but those will just be made I think as the guy understands it. Fair enough? Yeah. Yeah and maybe those changes can be made by telling Claude to make those changes as opposed to going to a specific row and a cell.

00:13:20 Alejandro Duque
Right, Exactly. Yep.

00:13:21 Derek Lobo
So so I don't quite understand, and I don't think nor quite understand what squad can do.

00:13:29 Alejandro Duque
Got it. And and so okay, so then an ideal situation is that this could be done live. So, if you let's say present this spreadsheet, because,

00:13:40 Derek Lobo
Oh, yeah, yeah, this is and think about when you do it live Alejandro creating drama.

00:13:46 Alejandro Duque
Yeah, because today and I saw it today. Like today, Noor was switching between different inputs. He had to go to like tab fifteen, make the change, and go back to tab two. And I think in that process, even though the spreadsheet is incredible, You start losing people because it's not like,

00:14:05 Derek Lobo
Oh yeah. It's yeah. Yeah. No use It's cumbersome. Yeah. Not cumbersome meaning, you know, but and first of all, Noor's English is not great. Yeah, Okay, so he can't present this. Most people can't understand them. Okay,

00:14:21 Alejandro Duque
Yeah, okay. And what are the typical.

00:14:25 Derek Lobo
It's got to be, it's got to be done by someone of a lower skill level.

00:14:30 Alejandro Duque
Yeah, and that'll. 

00:14:32 Derek Lobo
Be done by Kanan.

00:14:33 Alejandro Duque
Yeah, And say, if you presented this reverse one B, like what are the typical questions that you typically get spot on like I?

00:14:44 Derek Lobo
Don't think. I don't think we've done it enough to know.

00:14:46 Alejandro Duque
Okay, okay, okay. So, okay. Um But,

00:14:51 Derek Lobo
You're going to get or you're going to get I think the client's going to get engaged and say, let's test this, let's raise the rent you know, or maybe we create the question. Hey, Mr Smith. What if we just really optimize the design and could get five percent more rent? What would that mean to your profit? Boom change it by five percent. See what tier would affect the IRR on the cash on cash return or the overall profit. 

00:15:12 Alejandro Duque
Got it. Yeah, okay.

00:15:19 Alejandro Duque
Because Then You can have those in person, and then after just send the full report with all the spreadsheet, all the numbers. But that at least in the meeting, it's like how I am thinking about it is.

00:15:29 Derek Lobo
Oh yeah, I don't think we're sending them the spreadsheet. We're not sending them like the cloud analysis. We might send them a PDF of it.

00:15:35 Alejandro Duque
Got it or a PDF? Yeah, yeah but but I am saying is that in the meeting instead of, Of switching between tabs and any agent can grab it.

00:15:43 Derek Lobo
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You got you got to think that through.

00:15:47 Alejandro Duque
Yeah, Like that would be the dream. That is just like they start asking questions:. What if this changes? What if we update that? What if this increases? And, it's all in one place instead of like browsing through tabs, because yeah there is a ton of data in there, which is super valuable.

00:16:02 Derek Lobo
Right. But but but if you start by extracting reports, right what you do is you. You the client loses the value of the detail. You follow?

00:16:13 Andrew Banken
Yep. So. 

00:16:15 Derek Lobo
So my gut feel, I am going to hear, I want you to think through this. My gut feel is because of developers used to seeing spreadsheets, right? You've got to figure out a way. It feels. So first, you walk them through the whole thing, then when you change some constants like the rent, like the interest rate, like amortization right, Then you use a formulaic approach, like you use Claude to do that. Make sense? Yeah, I don't know, I don't know, but but I think there and you just tell me if you disagree. There's real value in running through that spreadsheet.

00:16:50 Alejandro Duque
Yeah, oh absolutely. I mean because exactly to your point and what No was saying that if I show them, I don't know like uh that simple thing that I built last time that it's in one page. As a developer, I am going to start questioning what are the assumptions, what are the things.

00:17:05 Derek Lobo
Yeah, yeah. So. 

00:17:09 Alejandro Duque
If you walk them first, like what Nord did today, which took almost an hour. I know it's long, but if you are a developer, you're going to love to see all these numbers, and then and then you're like, well, let's play around with scenarios. And then we just start shooting. But instead of having to I, don't know, go through a trouble of trying to find all the data properly updated like. You can start moving faster in one place. That's the way I am thinking about it,

00:17:35 Derek Lobo
Right? And then Joanna jumps in and says," Okay, Mister Smith, let's talk about your financing options both construction and takeout." Yeah. And that's the power part of it. Okay, now we've got them onto the next decision they've got to make. Right? And so Joanna knows all the mortgage brokerage pieces you know their net worth, the lenders and all that stuff right? But, we're going to be way ahead of the other lenders in terms of our perform analysis.

00:18:05 Alejandro Duque
Yeah, yeah, yeah, absolutely.

00:18:07 Derek Lobo
This is Alejandro. This is powerful.

00:18:10 Alejandro Duque
Yeah, Oh, absolutely. And I think that, that this is uh the way to do it. But okay, yeah, if you want I'm, good I'm still going to reach out to Noor, because I had some basic questions just Oh.

00:18:21 Derek Lobo
No, no, you've got a you've got a, you've got a, and Noor is a super smart man. You saw that right.

00:18:26 Alejandro Duque
Yeah, oh my god, like the stuff that he builds. He's a genius.

00:18:29 Derek Lobo
No, no, no, is a genius. Yeah. But but his communication skills aren't strong. But he makes his point when he needs to make a point. He makes it right?

00:18:39 Alejandro Duque
Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly which is good. And and I think that, yeah, it's and the spreadsheet the way it's built like that's a lot of data and a lot of brain power to put it together because I'm I'm, not as. Heavily involved, but because our projects are in the sub five million dollar range, yeah. But this and and but this is like super detailed and including things like when do you start getting income, and as the lease up process begins, kind of like all these stuff. It's yeah, it's pretty right.

00:19:12 Derek Lobo
So so this model I got from a US developer ten years ago, but Noor has updated it. No no Noor has built this based on some architecture I gave him. But he knows what's in every cell, and that knowledge is going to be very hard to transfer to somebody else.

00:19:31 Alejandro Duque
Yeah, oh absolutely. Yeah,

00:19:33 Derek Lobo
It's because you have to understand the entire development process, which Noor does right. Yeah, I don't. I don't. I just pretend I understand the spreadsheet.

00:19:46 Alejandro Duque
Yeah yeah absolutely okayum yeah so so yeah and. 

00:19:52 Derek Lobo
And then, And then the next step, if I just one more step. So now Joanna has funded the loan and she's done the takeout financing, right? Then, we come in. And after same thing, we say we sit on the design team to design the best building. And then while the loan is going from construction to takeout, our lease up team kicks in, right? And then we do a lease up pitch. Yeah. And after lease up pitch, we do the brokerage pitch so, Instead of just coming in as an outsider, we're just delivering our pitches as we go. It's really exciting.

00:20:28 Andrew Banken
Mhm. Yeah. Yeah, yeah.

00:20:32 Derek Lobo
We hate going to broker We hate going to broker bakeoffs.

00:20:36 Alejandro Duque
Yeah, of course. Yeah, no, At this point, it's what you said like if you had them hooked with a feasibility study and they're moving through a development I mean, like you do a feasibility study, then the client sits with you You interact with the one B model. See, kind of like details cascading in real time. Then you have Joanna there, and then she could be like," Hey, here is our structure of financing." Then she closes, and then the process starts. And then yeah by the time the building is up, then you get to like lease it up. Yeah I think that again, I think you have all the pieces. Now. It's why what are you thinking about like bringing those together. 

00:21:14 Derek Lobo
Right. So now we have them all here. And now we've got AI at all up, right?

00:21:19 Andrew Banken
Yeah, yeah.

00:21:21 Derek Lobo
Okay, Alondra, I think you've got where my head is at. I really, i really feel at this stage in my life that I am a who finder. Fair enough? Yeah. My favorite book is" Who Not How." So don't think about how you do something; find the expert, right? Yep. And an AI you are the expert for us.

00:21:44 Alejandro Duque
Thank you. Yeah, I appreciate it. Yeah, I love that book as well. Is it the one I think by Job Smart? Right?

00:21:53 Derek Lobo
No, this was written by Dan Sullivan. Dan Sullivan is my coach who not how Oh,

00:21:57 Andrew Banken
Okay, yeah yeah yeah And no,

00:21:59 Derek Lobo
You should read. It's a really good book So. You know, your might. So my job is to find the right people and clearly articulate the vision and the mission. 

00:22:09 Alejandro Duque
Yeah absolutely Yeah. And and I think again, as I get more questions. And. I already told Nora that I apologize in advance for asking basic questions. It's, just that I am trying to understand the full model to see where we can add and what I have always preached : add it in a way that adds value, that is not cumbersome, that is not complicated, that we're not reinventing wheels. This is not about replacing anyone because frankly, I think that face- to- face and having the team ready for that. And if you give them the tools.

00:22:40 Derek Lobo
You're more about you're you're more valuable.

00:22:42 Alejandro Duque
Exactly, you're more valuable.

00:22:43 Derek Lobo
Exactly. Right, but Alejandro said, but the key is to me is not the summary report. It's explaining them the detail because they're old fashioned guys. They need to understand what's behind it. Then once you're behind it, then we got to figure out how we AI it up Fair enough?

00:23:00 Andrew Banken
Yeah Yeah And. 

00:23:02 Derek Lobo
I'm not sure how you do that That's. That's that's what we're that's what we need you to do for us.

00:23:08 Alejandro Duque
Okay, yeah, no, and I'll keep thinking about it. Yeah, I'll reply back to Noor because I also want to see a feasibility study. I went into the report; he did share the spreadsheet. And then I'll keep asking some questions, and and yeah, then i'll bring up some ideas. And then obviously, we'll go through feedback and we'll get something going right Right,

00:23:27 Derek Lobo
Right But. But but the key is is not to do a summary report;. It's to torture the guy by walking him through all of it. Fair enough? Yep, and then, After that, then we say, okay, now we can query AI. And then you'll say, oh yeah, I believe that if you change the interest rate, I don't need to look at all the twelve spreadsheets again. I believe my IRR is going to be this.

00:23:49 Alejandro Duque
Exactly. Exactly. Yep. Yeah because But,

00:23:52 Derek Lobo
But I think you do have, you do have to torture him.

00:23:55 Alejandro Duque
You do absolutely for the one hour Yeah, because that way, they know where all these numbers are coming from Because as a developer. Now quite like when people bring me deals. I am like, okay, show me the underlying assumptions. It's all flat. They just I don't know if let's say landscaping was twenty four hundred dollars over twenty four months. I've seen it in cases that they put a hundred dollars for the twenty four months of the construction period. And I am like, I mean it's better than nothing, but you are just averaging now your costs and any fluctuation is a ton, especially when you order materials like for us usually when we order them.

00:24:35 Alejandro Duque
Metal building and all the infrastructure like that's a big hit on in capex. So, but yeah, no, I think I get it, Derek. So let me i'll follow up with Noor. I'll put together some ideas, more notes and and yeah and then i'll I'll keep you posted.

00:24:50 Derek Lobo
Right right right was Darryl on the call? Did he make it?

00:24:53 Alejandro Duque
He was there for I think the first like thirty minutes, but then he had he dropped off.

00:24:57 Derek Lobo
Okay? But, this is, but this is this is like the he's important He understands us if we want to right. 

00:25:02 Andrew Banken
Yeah Yeah.

00:25:06 Derek Lobo
So, I think we've got the right guy on the job. I appreciate everything that you've done for us and blessings to you and your family, my friend.

00:25:12 Alejandro Duque
Okay, sounds good, Derry. Yeah, we'll do. We'll be in touch.

00:25:15 Derek Lobo
Okay so you you be in touch with Noor. And then maybe you and I talk every so often just to make sure that we don't overcomplicate this thing. And remember Alonzo. It's got to be done by people with a lower. S kill than you and Nora. 

00:25:29 Alejandro Duque
Exactly yeah. And that's where I think the value comes in from because yeah, that spreadsheet alone I am like, yeah, if I grabbed it as a person that I am not a math person like I'll just get freaked out by instinct, you know, because it's too much,

00:25:43 Derek Lobo
But right, right, right. And I think we talked about this before. One of my heroes in life is a guy named Michael Gerber, who wrote the book called The E Myth. Okay, did we ever discuss that? No. Okay, okay. So that that the number one book that I've ever read in my life is with a guy named Michael Gerber.

00:26:05 Alejandro Duque
Yeah, yeah, The E Myth. Yeah, The yeah I know I know him, but we talked about him. But I don't think we talked about how he was like one of your heroes.

00:26:16 Derek Lobo
Yeah, Yeah But anyway. So I went down and met with him last year. He's eighty seven years old, We spent two days with him, But it just reminded me That's what I am trying to do.

00:26:28 Derek Lobo
Yeah, okay. So, I am mentoring some people and they said," What's the one book I should read?" My answer is" The E Myth." I thought you read it. Have you read it or not?

00:26:36 Alejandro Duque
I've read it about a long time ago. I've read it when I was at Google, actually as part of a book club. I need to pick it up again. This was back in when i started at google in twenty eleven because the book is like from, i don't know early two thousand, oh, so old, so yeah, okay, yeah yeah. No, i'll pick it up again, because truly i don't know It's been now. Fifteen years, so I should read it again. Um, but yeah,

00:27:04 Derek Lobo
I am just going to send you the picture. Fair enough, yeah. Because this is the guy; this guy changed my life.

00:27:10 Alejandro Duque
Okay, right on. That's amazing. Yeah, and I love books like you said. Thank you for sharing that. Yeah, absolutely, I'll pick it up.

00:27:18 Derek Lobo
Yep, yep, yep. Okay, all right, very, very, very good, stay in touch with me. Okay.

00:27:22 Alejandro Duque
Okay, sounds good. Thank you. And we'll be in touch. I'll reply back to Noor a little bit later today with some times, and then we'll get it get things moving.

00:27:30 Derek Lobo
Yeah, okay. Noor is our fractional CFO. He only works on Thursdays, but I think he works other hours too. Okay?

00:27:36 Alejandro Duque
Okay, sounds good.

00:27:37 Derek Lobo
I'll reach out to him Thank you Alejandro Bye. 

00:27:39 Alejandro Duque
Thank you Bye bye. 